<head>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../main.css">
</head>

[0]: ../README.md
[4.3]: exhibits-and-displays.md

# General Library
## J. Robert Jamerson Memorial Library
### 4.3 Exhibits and Displays
[< Table of Contents][0]

#### Goals of the exhibits

- to broaden horizons by presenting a wide range of arts, collections, and displays.
- to support and to nourish intellectual, aesthetic, and creative activities and  growth.
- to strengthen partnerships between the Library and the wider community.

#### Criteria for Selection:

All exhibits, whether generated by Library staff or the public, will be considered in terms of the standards listed below. Not all exhibits will meet all standards. Responsibility for the selection of exhibits rests with the Library Director. Criteria include:

- subject, technique, and style are suitable for intended audience
- vitality, originality, and artistic expression
- appropriateness to special events, anniversaries, holidays, etc.
- historical or regional relevance
- relation to other events or exhibits in the community
- ease of installation

Exhibits of discriminatory nature will be refused. If elements of a display are judged inappropriate by members of the Library Board and/or the Library Director, the sponsoring individual will be required to remove those elements immediately.

#### Guidelines for Exhibits

1. Library-initiated exhibits will be given priority.

2. Exhibitors must submit an Application for Exhibition to the Library Director and include a descriptive list of works with monetary value/price of each item.

3. Exhibits are scheduled for the period of several months.

4. Transporting, unloading, hanging, arrangement, and dismantling of exhibits shall be the responsibility of the artist under the supervision of the Library staff.

5. J. Robert Jamerson Memorial Library does not carry insurance to cover the loss of items included in an exhibit. All reasonable precautions will be taken to protect exhibits, but the Library cannot be responsible for reimbursement or replacement of lost, stolen, or damaged materials. Exhibitors must sign a waiver of liability holding the Library, its employees and trustees, and the County harmless for any damage to loaned material.

6. The exhibitor is responsible for publicity except when the exhibit is Library-sponsored.

7. Exhibitors may not schedule special opening or other events without the permission of the Library Director. All arrangements must be approved by the Library Director at least two weeks prior to the event. The event must be open and free to the general public.

8. No prices may be posted on the items in the exhibit, but a price list may be discreetly placed in the exhibit. Transactions for the purchase of an exhibit item shall be directly between the purchaser and the exhibitor. No sales may be made on the premises. No exhibit material which is sold during its display in the library may be removed before the end of hte exhibition period.

9. Granting of permission to use Library facilities does not constitute an endorsement by the Library staff, the Library Board of Trustees, or the County of Appomattox, of the content of the Exhibit, the materials exhibited, or the Exhibitor(s).

10. Failure to fulfill these requirements could result in denial of future Library exhibits.

*Adopted by the J. Robert Jamerson Memorial Library Board of Trustees on December 14, 2000.*
*Revised November 05, 2012*

#### Application for Exhibition

Exhibitor's Name: 

Home Address: 

Home Phone:                           Work Phone: 

Number of items:                              Requested Exhibit Area:      

Date Installed:                              Removal Date (before 5pm):                 Length of Exhibit:   

I agree to exhibit my hobby, craft, or artwork in the J. Robert Jamerson Memorial Library during ______________ (month, year). I will contact the library two weeks before the scheduled exhibit time in order to arrange the exact time for setting up the exhibit.

I have read the J. Robert Jamerson Memorial Library Exhibit Policy and agree to abide by teh stipulations listed there.

Signed:                                             Date:                       
**If the collection/materials have monetary value, please list items and approximate cost on the reverse side. A separate price/valuation list may be attached. Please date and sign any attached lists.**

#### Exhibit Agreement Waiver of Liability

This Agreement is made the ____________ day of ___________, _____ by and between the J. Robert Jamerson Memorial Library and __________________ (Lender).

1. That Lender wished to loan to the Library ____________________ (i.e., artwork, maps, etc.) to be exhibited for a period of ______ days.

2. That the Lender understands that his/her materials are loaned and exhibited at his/her own risk and that neither the Library Director or Library staff, the Library Board of Trustees, nor the County of Appomattox shall be responsible for theft, vandalism, fire, or other damage to the exhibit.

3. That the Lender will not bring any action against and shall hold the Library employees, the Library Director, the Library Board of Trustees, the County of Appomattox, and its agents and/or employees, harmless for any damage to the material loaned.

Lender ___________________________________ Date ______________

Library Director ___________________________________ Date ______________

#### Release and Hold Harmless Agreement

This Release and Hold Harmless Agreement is made this ___________ day of ____________, ________, between Appomattox County Library and Appomattox (Collectively "LIBRARY") and ______________________ ("Owner").

The OWNER is the owner of the following personal property:

```


```

OWNER would like to display the above item(s) for a period of time at the LIBRARY. As an essential element of this request, the OWNER does hereby agree as follows:

As full and complete consideration for the LIBRARY to provide the opportunity for the OWNER to display the personal property listed above at the LIBRARY, OWNER hereby fully and finally releases, remises, acquits, and discharges the LIBRARY, its agents, servants, and employees from any claim for bodily injury or property damage resulting from said display and further agrees to release indemnity and hold harmless the LIBRARY from the claim of any third person, firm, or corporatoion which might be made as a result of any injury or damage dustained by any person as a result of the display of any items owned by the OWNER, including all claims, costs, expenses, damages, settlements, awards, and legal costs of any kind arising from or related in any way to the use of the above item(s).

Owner warrants that he/she is the sole owner of the property listed above and as such has the right to enter into this Agreement.

This release and Hold Harmless Agreement shall include any claims, known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, for damages or injuries which might occur as a result of participation in this display.

OWNER fully understands the risks involved with this display and has read and understands the terms of this Release and Hold Harmless Agreement and further does hereby agree that the terms of this Agreement shall be binding on OWNER, his/her heirs and assigns.

OWHER also understands that the execution of this Release and Hold Harmless Agreement is an essential element of the display and without this Agreement, such display would not be permitted.

WITNESS my signature this ____________ day of __________________, __________.

    Signature: ________________________________
    Print Name: _______________________________
    WITNESS: _____________________________________

[Top][4.3]